---
assets: 
  - sky:assets/skies/sky2.png
  - tiles:assets/tilemaps/tiles/platformPack_tilesheet.png
  - letters:assets/tilemaps/tiles/yellow_spritesheet_512.png
  - map:assets/tilemaps/maps/guessMyName.json
  - player:assets/sprites/platformerPack_character.png
---

## Guess My Name

This project is designed to help you get famaliar with Python string operation, specifically with string `slicing`. 

Why we need to understand slicing? Well, in programming world, we are often exposed to some uncertain `input` or some data which may include something we want or we dont want. In these cases, we need to figure out those data we care about by setting up some filters and `extracting` them from raw data. 

The `slicing` operation is a typical extracting procedure. In this project, you are encouraged to slice or cut a specific string to get the answer of the puzzle.

### Game structure

The code structrue like this:

```
â”œâ”€ GuessMyName
â”‚  â”œâ”€ constructor()
â”‚  â”œâ”€ preload()
â”‚  â”œâ”€ create()
â”‚  â”œâ”€ update()
â”‚  â””â”€ bingo()
```

- In `contructor` function we only defined couple of global variables as game flag .
- `preload` function is responsible for loading game assets such as `tiles` and tileed json `map`.
- `create` function is responsible for creating game layer, player and collider for them, etc.
- `update` function is responsible for player movement control, collision test, and game success dispatch.
- `bingo` function is responsible for unlock blocker.


### Main functions explanation


#### [ðŸ­ create()](/disclosure?line=33)

In create function we are creating following objects:

- background layer, lockerLayer, keyLayer, lettersLayer and other necessary layers
- set `pickups` through _collisionTiles function
- create animation
- create player
- create keyboard cursors

#### [ðŸ­ update()](/disclosure?line=204)

In update function we are mainly doing 3 jobs:

- check collision between player and pickups
- control player movement by keyboard
- game success popup and event dispatch


### Tricky Parts

> Q: How to have player hold the ladder and leave it?

```
A: 3 steps required

First assume the ladder has not been touched by:

this.hitLadder = false

Then, check collision status by _hitTile function, if player hit the ladder tile #58, set the this.hitLadder to true. 

Last, in _manualControl function we will stop player and make it hold on ladder by:

this.player.setVelocityX(0)
this.player.play('climb');

as long as we find out this.hitLadder is true
```

> Q: How to unlock wall block?

```
A: In _hitTile function, if player hit the key tile #65, we will hide blocker layer `lockerLayer` and `keyLayer`. Meanwhile we need to displayer ladder layer by:

this.ladderLayer.setVisible(true)

So, if you what show something, you could set the layer visibility to true, or false to hide it.
```


### Knowledge & Skills in use


- tilemap creation by tiled json.
- pickups figuring out by `map.filterTiles` function.
- collider creation.
- realtime collision check by `physics.world.overlapTiles`
- keyboard interaction handler.
- layer visibility handling.
- checkout key tile id through `guessMyName.json`