---
assets: 
  - ground:assets/tilemaps/tiles/terrainTiles_default.png
  - platform:assets/tilemaps/tiles/platformPack_tilesheet.png
  - map:assets/tilemaps/maps/whichWaytogo.json
  - player:assets/sprites/spritesheet_enemies.png
---

## Which way to go

This project is designed to have users exposed to a maze that need a mix of two basic python skills to solve:

- `for ... in` loop to checkout the child of a dataset
- `if ... else` conditional check to the features of one child

In previous projects, we have touched the two statement ussage. But this time we're going to use it together to fulfill a slightly complex task.

Imagine you have large amount of dataset which is sequential, you need to figure out which part of the dataset is what you want and which part of the dataset is illegal and not your concern. In this scenario, we would find `for...in` loop plus `if ... else` is a good fit to employ.

### Game structure

The code structrue like this:

```
â”œâ”€ WhichWayToGo
â”‚  â”œâ”€ GridWalker
â”‚  â””â”€ CellStep
```

- WhichWayToGo is the main class of this game including phaser callback functions.
- GridWalker like its name, its main job is to loop all the tiles in one selected path, translate tiles into steps for player to walk.
- CellStep is in charge of player moving in one tile(or cell). 

Actually the map is a 4x10 tile grid(matrix), and player is moving from one tile to another. There are six paths in our game, each path is made of a group of tiles. We seperate different job to seperate role in order to make our game code easy to read and update, this is the way how to develop a program.


### Main functions explanation

#### [ðŸ­ create()](#/disclosure?line=51)

The create function in this project is very simple, it includes:

- create map and tileset
- floor layer, tool layer
- animation, player


#### [ðŸ­ update()](#/disclosure?line=111)

The only job in this update function is to update `GridWalker` when it's ready.

```
// walker by path tiles
this.walker.update()
```

In this project, we dont't need to control player, so we save the work to check keyboard input and collision. We just delegate our work to `GridWalker` by calling its `update()` function, it would be working!

This kind of roles design approach looks familiar? Yeah, we did the similar job in the last project `FlyThemUp` by invent a commander role `TroopsOnMyControl`.

These projects share a commont thought: 

```
Game Main Class  -->  Commander/Manager Class  -->   Worker/Employee Class
```

If you design a softeware by doing so, you are exercising a best practice 'Seperation of concern' which is very common and important thought in programming domain. Software in some aspects is like a company, successful boss couldn't do everyting well all by himself.



### Tricky Parts

> Q: Why do we define `this.paths` with so many number pairs in this game?

```
A: we do need to know our maze has what kind of path, and what tiles are included in one path. So, we figure out the tile id horizontally and vertically in tile editor, and rerord them in hard-code way.
```

> Q: There are 6 different path player could go, where are they being defined in code?

```
A: in line 18, we have a this.paths object, it's a key: value structure. Key represents the path id, Value represents a path data which is an tile coordinates array. By defining this kind of data structure, player can move hand find its way to go by calculating the x/y coordinates in game stage.
```

### Knowledge & Skills in use

- phaser tile map creation
- tilemap creation by tiled json.
- tile id discovery.
- tile removal after touch.
- tile coordinates to game stage coordinates conversion.