# Free Your Troops

> Your troops are being trapped in toxic valley, you need to dispatch flying armor for each of them to get out of there!

## Mission

You are a smart commander & scientist, you need to use `for` loop to equip `flying` ability with each soldier

## How?

Every soldier in your 'troops' need 'flying' ability to escapge valley, loop the 'troops' list, get each soldier and call its 'addPower' function.

Let's take a look what we have before we delve into the solution:

- A squad of soldiers: troops = [soldier, soldier, soldier, ...soldier]
- Each soldier is represented by Python class below

Assume you have a vitual `Soldier` definition like this:

```
class Soldier:
    def addPower(self, ability):
        self.ability = ability
```

The commends tips told us that each soldier has an `addPower` function, we need to call that function, and add `flying` ability to them.

So, two question left:

- how to loop each soldier in the `troops`
- how to execute or call the soldier's `addPower` function and give the `flying` ability to it


This is the anwser:

```
# Note: code line which may prefix with four period '....' 
# is actually four space in your code
for soldier in troops:
....soldier.addPower('flying')
```

> Note: the Python syntax require two or four space prefix with code line inside a `for` loop!


## Knowledge & Reference


[Python For Loops](https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_for_loops.asp)

[Python Classes and Objects](https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_classes.asp)


## Video Narration

----

IN PROJECT MAP:

```
* Hello everyone, welcome to 'letspy today'! A Minimal Python Coding Playground!
* This is the first video of 'Letspy Coding Playground' series.
* In this video, you will be familiar with how to interact with this playground, and what make it unique?
* Lets get started with the first project 'The Clone Wars', this is the most easy one!
```

IN PROJECT DEMO MODE:

```
...
```

IN PROJECT CODING MODE:

```
...
```

So, how does this project works?

```
...
```

OK, lets get it done now!

```
...
```

Congratulations! 

You passed the second coding challenge!