# Which way to go

> Theare 6 possible paths in a maze, check the right path to go!

## Mission

Check each path if it includes diamond(with color) or bridge...to get the right path.

## How?

Let's first check the prerequisites in the code comments. The 3rd line mentioned:

```
all_paths = [path_object, path_object, path_object, ...]
```

In the 8h-10th lines, we know every `path_object` has a function: `includeItem(type)` to return `True` or `False`, the `type` parameter in the `includeItem` function could be one of `leaf`, `bridge`, `diamond`, `key`, `heart`, `cone`.

Then, take a close look at the map in the game, one path may include multiple `pickup`s. So, according to the description above, we could infer a Python class like this:

```
class PathObject:

    def __init__(self, *types):
        self.items = types

    def includeItem(self, type):
        return type in self.items
```

In `__init__` function, we could accept multple parameters to construct a path object like this:

```
path_object = PathObject('leaf', 'diamond', 'bridge')
```

Now, we made a big progress on figuring out the structure  of `path_object`, then, how to find a way out and what's the characteristic of the right path? if you would like to spend a few seconds on the map, you may have noticed that the right way includes a `key`!

After all these research and analysis, we have had all the necessary information to write a program and crack the maze!

So, there are three steps to complete this coding challenge:

- loop the `all_paths` list
- check path object by calling `includeItem` function, with parameter `key`
- if the result is `True`, save the path_object to `right_path`


That's it!


## Knowledge & Reference


[Python Classes and Objects](https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_classes.asp)

[What is a constructor in Python?](https://pythonbasics.org/constructor/)

[Python - Loop Lists](https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_lists_loop.asp)


## Video Narration

----

IN PROJECT MAP:

```
* Hello everyone, welcome to 'letspy today'! A Minimal Python Coding Playground!
* This is the first video of 'Letspy Coding Playground' series.
* In this video, you will be familiar with how to interact with this playground, and what make it unique?
* Lets get started with the first project 'The Clone Wars', this is the most easy one!
```
