# Fix the clock

> To pass the first season of this Python Coding Adventure, you need to fix the clock to enter the unlock the door of church.

## Mission

Use python time function to return the current time, you will make it works! not so hard right?

## How?

To make the clock work again, we need to figure out the correct `current` time using our Python knowledge!

As the code comments said, we're going to use Python `datetime` module, and `now()` function from `datetime` object.

Let me explain a bit more about this statement:

```
now = datetime.datetime.now()
```

- `now` is a `datetime` object
- the first `datetime` in the above statement is the module you imported at the top
- the second `datetime` in the above statement is a `class` in the `datetime` module

You got the `now` object, so you are almost approaching the final anwser very close.

Checkout the official 'datetime' module api doc to find what does now() return.

Lastly, I would like to remind you, write 3 anwsers of what you found in the code lines:

```
hour = None
minute = None
second = None
```

Replace `None` with you anwser from `now` object already defined above!

Then you would pass! Good luck!


## Knowledge & Reference


[How to get current date and time in Python?](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/datetime/current-datetime)

[datetime Objects](https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html#datetime-objects)

[Python DateTime – DateTime Class](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-datetime-datetime-class/)


## Video Narration

----

IN PROJECT MAP:

```
* Hello everyone, welcome to 'letspy today'! A Minimal Python Coding Playground!
* This is the first video of 'Letspy Coding Playground' series.
* In this video, you will be familiar with how to interact with this playground, and what make it unique?
* Lets get started with the first project 'The Clone Wars', this is the most easy one!
```

IN PROJECT DEMO MODE:

```
...
```

IN PROJECT CODING MODE:

```
...
```

So, how does this project works?

```
...
```

OK, lets get it done now!

```
...
```

Congratulations! 

You passed the second coding challenge!